we begin in Northern Gaza where bodies
of those killed in Israeli bombardments
have been left on the street for days in
the shikar adwan neighborhood of Gaza
City ongoing bombardment meant relatives
were forced to wait before they were
able to retrieve the bodies of their
loved ones people have been using any
means available to transport the dead
for
burial the Israeli tanks are about 100 m
from this area people are evacuating the
injured and collecting bodies for burial
on the hungering
clashes there was no warning before the
strike I saw the strike and ran here and
saw the three story home destroyed we
started removing the dead and injured at
least 25 people were killed from the
three-story house well there are similar
scenes in the jabalia refugee camp where
streets in a once busy Marketplace have
been turned into graveyards Palestinians
are running out of places to bury their
dead some of the graves are marked and
others are are not jabalia has been
repeatedly and heavily struck by the
Israeli Army since the beginning of the
war alzer's anas Sharif reports now from
jabalia the Israeli occupation forces
and military vehicles have left the
jabalia AL balad area and we managed to
get here to document the extent of the
destruction and the crimes they
committed while the Israeli occupation
forces were here they destroyed many
buildings as you can see
they aren't very far away they're still
on the outskirts of jabalia Al balad if
anyone tries to approach they will be
targeted by Israeli artillery and war
planes it's all destroyed they've
destroyed everything words can't
describe what happened here complete
brutality and barbaric
acts I am here in Al alen District which
has been heavily bombed massacres were
committed and Israeli bulldozers have
destroyed dozens of
[Music]
houses we never imagined the Zionist
terrorism would be so brutal and
barbaric many houses have been leveled
and innocent people are still under the
rubble Israeli forces destroyed
everything we have been Sheltering at
schools and when we came here we were
shocked I don't recognize my street or
my house all the landmarks are gone I
actually don't know where my house is
look here it's all dirt I swear to God
buildings and houses have completely
disappeared there is no trace of
them still the Israeli planes are
dropping bombs
here we're very tired they're still
firing shells the Israeli forces have
stormed jabalia two or three times and
they're still here on the
outskirts clouds of smoke are still
billowing here in jabalia Al balad
because of the ongoing bombardment the
jabalia medical center the only one
functioning in Northern Gaza has been
destroyed the Israeli forces left this
area totally destroyed and dozens of
bodies are still under the
rubble sh